Since Subaru was going to focus their advertising on the more specific groups, their ads
becaming for targetable. For rugged individuals, they showed that a Subaru can handle 
tough dirt roads, for medical professionals it was that the AWD can get you to the 
hospital in any weather conditions, and that the Subaru fits a lesbians' active and 
discreet lifestyle[1].

By 1996, Subaru ads were appearing not only in mainstream media, but in gay 
publications as well. Reaction from conservatives was considered, but Subaru's 
public stance was their saving grace. They believed that since their own stance was 
that they sold cars to "deiverse and well educated" groups of peple, their more 
conservative customers may not be offended by the ads. 

In the beggining Subaru's ads targeting Lesbian audiences were ones featuring two women
portraying a lesbian couple. These ads did not sit well with the lesbian audience. 
Subaru changed their strategy and instead used more subtle tactics. For example, one ad 
showed a car with a licence plate "P-TOWN". This is a moniker for a town in 
Massachusetts, a popular LGBTQ vacation spot. Another example was when the licence 
plate had "XENA LVR", a female character from the TV show "XENA:Warrior Princess". 
In this TV show the female protagonists were hinted to be lovers.[1]

Some slogans that they had included were "It's Not a Choice. It's the Way We're Built" 
which one can assume is referencing their AWD standard, but can be said to be 
referencing LGBTQ identity[1].
"Get Out. And Stay Out" is another one. This one can be analyzed as trying to call on 
customers to enjoy the outdoors, but could also be hinting at coming out of the closet
[1]. 

This type of advertising was benefitial as it was bold enough that the target audience 
was referenced and they were able to see it and respond to it. While simultaniously 
subtle enough that straight audiences, and potentially offended audiences, would not 
even notice.